So leverage as we discussed in order to buy or sell one lot of Eurodollar you need 123 2228 American
dollars on your account which is a lot of money.
But even in order to trade with zero point one lots you need twelve thousand American dollars and in
order to conduct a small transaction possible micro Laud's zero point zero one lots.
You still need a thousand two hundred dollars on your account which is a lot of money.
And what happens if we can't afford to have an account of that size or we're just not ready yet.
We are practicing and we don't want to invest that much money into the Forex market.
How do we trade them.
Well this is where leverage comes into play.
The concept of leverage has a lot of negative sentiment around it and people kind of think that it's
bad for your dangerous which is completely not true and in this and the next tutorial we will disprove
those fears.
So what happens with leverage is your broker will actually lend you money in order to help you conduct
transactions on the 4 X market.
So in this picture your money is on the right and the money the brokerage is on the left.
So let's have a look at a particular example.
For instance your balance is $500.
And you want to conduct a transaction with the volume of 0.1 lots on the euro dollar currency.
So you require 12000 322 American dollars to conduct this transaction.
Obviously your balance is insufficient at this stage but with leverage if your leverage is a one to
100 then your broker will actually only require you to have 1 percent of that money and the broker will
lend you 99 percent of the required amount.
So in this case your broker will lend you twelve thousand one hundred ninety nine dollars so you're
borrowing 99 percent of the required amount.
All you have to ask is $123 of your own money.
So that is 1 percent of the transaction.
And that is much more affordable with your balance of power $100.
And in this case you can not conduct this transaction and participate in the Forex market either buying
or selling of your dollar.
So that's how leverage works.
But why would the broker do this.
Why would the broker Ling-Ju money.
Well we'll find to find that out.
We have to talk about equity in margin and we'll do that in next Tauriel